In the Central Europe branch territory,
a special campaign was organized.
Actually, the School
for Branch Committee Members and Their Wives
triggered an evaluation of how much territory
in the countries we oversee
is not really covered thoroughly.
So we asked our circuit overseers
to recommend to us which sections
of the congregation’s territory
could be listed
as so-called “unassigned territory.”
All in all, we received
over 11,000 territories
from the congregations,
with approximately 3 million inhabitants.
So because of this grand scale,
there was suddenly the idea,
‘Why not organize
a special preaching campaign
‘to cover all these territories
on one single weekend?’
This was really exciting.
And after getting
the Branch Committee’s approval,
the Service Department
started to organize it.
To be honest, at first,
we were not really sure
how the publishers
would react to such a campaign.
But we fully trusted in Jehovah,
and the response was stunning.
Over 20,000 publishers participated
and were assigned
to all these territories throughout Germany.
The campaign took place
on one weekend in May 2017
and was especially successful
in metropolitan areas,
as in Berlin, Hamburg, and Düsseldorf.
At one door, a man just arrived.
He wanted to open his shop
where he sells Arabian specialties.
We were able to show him a video in Arabic.
Then he gave us his address and phone number.
He also agreed
to have someone visit him again.
Yes, it’s really a privilege
to join in such a campaign
and to see that every human
is precious to Jehovah,
no matter where they live
or where they come from.
Because of the need
and the fantastic response in 2017,
it was decided to repeat
such a campaign in May 2018.
And this time it was expanded to Switzerland,
Austria, Luxembourg, and Liechtenstein.
And now imagine,
over 32,000 publishers participated,
which is actually
over 60 percent more
than in May 2017.
This was really faith-strengthening.
And, again, a lot
of wonderful experiences were reported.
It’s incredible.
No matter where you are in Berlin,
you can see small groups
of brothers everywhere.
That was really great.
In the ministry we met a woman,
and she told us
that she had just prayed for a Bible study.
We are now more than ever convinced
that Jehovah leads all this work
through his angels.
Today, Sunday, we had a nice experience.
A woman called us from behind.
She had actually already passed us,
but she had the feeling
she had to go back again
—she told us later.
After she had invited us to her home,
we exchanged our contact information
and we also filled in
the online contact form.
Had we been in the territory
just one minute later,
we would never have made the contact.
This must have been guided by the angels.
Yesterday morning while in the ministry,
a young man ran after us
and asked us what we were doing.
We explained it to him.
He asked us why there is still
so much evil in the world, then.
In the afternoon,
we were able to call on him again.
We could start a Bible study right away
and arrange a return visit,
which we will make today.
Being together
with the friends is just so great.
You’re out and about with a large group.
You meet up again regularly
to change partners and to relate experiences.
It’s just great.
Thousands of videos were shown,
and a lot of Bible studies were started.
And what is very interesting
is that a lot of publishers
felt motivated
to expand their ministry after the campaign.
For sure,
these preaching campaigns truly prove
that Jehovah and Jesus
are directing the preaching work.
And the angels are helping us
in reaching out to all people.
Yes, we really have a lot of reasons
to be Jehovah’s happy people.